docs: Document all OPA metrics definitions (#7929)
open-policy-agent/opa: docs/docs/policy-reference/builtins/glob.mdx

| `output := glob.match("{cat,bat,[fr]at}", [], "bat")`            | `true`   | A glob with pattern-alternatives matchers.    |
| `output := glob.match("{cat,bat,[fr]at}", [], "rat")`            | `true`   | A glob with pattern-alternatives matchers.    |
| `output := glob.match("{cat,bat,[fr]at}", [], "at")`             | `false`  | A glob with pattern-alternatives matchers.    |

## Performance Metrics

When OPA is configured with metrics enabled, `glob.match` operations expose the following metrics in per-query metrics (accessible when `?metrics=true` is specified in API requests):

| Metric | Description |
| ------ | ----------- |
| `counter_rego_builtin_glob_interquery_value_cache_hits` | Number of inter-query cache hits for compiled glob patterns |

> Effective glob pattern caching improves performance when the same patterns are used repeatedly across queries. High cache hit ratios indicate that glob compilation overhead is being minimized through caching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caching of parsed glob patterns improves performance when the same patterns are used repeatedly across queries. High cache hit ratios indicate that glob compilation overhead is being minimized through caching.
```
